add hint for installation on existing postgres (#119)
CrunchyData/pg_parquet: README.md

> # run cargo-pgrx to build and install the extension
> > cargo pgrx run
> # or if you are building on top of an existing postgres (install instead of run)
> > cargo pgrx install --manifest-path Cargo.toml  --pg-config $(which pg_config)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# initialize a data directory, build and install the extension (to the targets specified by configured pg_config), then connects to a session
> cargo pgrx run
# alternatively you can only build and install the extension (pass --release flag for production binary)
> cargo pgrx install --release
```

Author: thanks. I am not very familiar with rust, cargo and pgrx and i tried to install the extension on top of an spilo docker image. 
what you have suggested and your declaration make sense to me (cargo pgrx install --release).
